EPOCH 0

DIVERSITY: 0.2
SCENElen(20)) be right there and me and mo the 
joeylen(30) barry at the a the it it it it it's the with
chandlerlen(30)re in the city the wither all the withe gonna
monicalen(30)ing and they all the with the withing the wit



DIVERSITY: 0.5
SCENElen(20)recovering on ti me on the wind and
joeylen(30)ews.. (she hold mater it pare a gottorg a tat
chandlerlen(30)hel, lesile, kit. the with you gon't don't th
monicalen(30)is still you dure. i me it a gorning it's mo 



DIVERSITY: 1.0
SCENElen(20)ee some real prakingi'mmeld that's 
joeylen(30)till you dumpin with a cad, mmoruh the a all 
chandlerlen(30)her engagement aar with wad phouch.'s rays? w
monicalen(30)r mom said you go nis agning bessis wollwhe a



DIVERSITY: 1.2
SCENElen(20)scene barry's ontetxing is meles. g
joeylen(30)ect of news.. (what clack, not reall... will 
chandlerlen(30)ews is still you gott tweere phoe.' ble epsri
monicalen(30)hel, lesile, kit's outirke like acting gottiv



EPOCH 9

DIVERSITY: 0.2
SCENElen(20)nice. (to rachel chomy bach whs thi
joeylen(30) scream again.) i the chandler was the chandl
chandlerlen(30)ou work here, and not, i think and in out an 
monicalen(30)scene: central was wine inx ind  an the clall



DIVERSITY: 0.5
SCENElen(20)swering the int to yin alm san, lik
joeylen(30) on the subject you onk hand sorr up to oof a
chandlerlen(30)gement ring and i were and this youare baye w
monicalen(30). (she holds up a lay's and whing y  ancilr t



DIVERSITY: 1.0
SCENElen(20)o sorry, i'm any fre torp plas. and
joeylen(30)ews is still you hey lot cop on' herbing a in
chandlerlen(30), aaand it's try you everowhding, ure'. c win
monicalen(30)m said you work? on hi leh  an a calle keome.



DIVERSITY: 1.2
SCENElen(20)aring his toolss, likniph brrlpo? l
joeylen(30) kiki, and joan pend'ot all is appauld bab.' 
chandlerlen(30)to show off her? hu, you wor buiros ohac and.
monicalen(30)id you work herred are  xt?nax im d taiuve ad



EPOCH 19

DIVERSITY: 0.2
SCENElen(20)e: barry's offins nghhf anth yonn a
joeylen(30)ing, and your m anha  wte gpas you ane , yar 
chandlerlen(30) scream again.) than s to bune beang d adae a
monicalen(30) well, the bigg then ad at ad ada e yn se dad



DIVERSITY: 0.5
SCENElen(20)e, as rachel enttiyeyannck. heedll 
joeylen(30)her engagement s,engun,  aah ngo thna ousss a
chandlerlen(30)ty shopping, ansnes ame sd and ung utoues met
monicalen(30)olds up here fin o  ma heeyras ut iya ee o 't



DIVERSITY: 1.0
SCENElen(20)e stares at racergruayseyish aen.o.
joeylen(30)off her engagem th8amerat  eng, ou herrg n ai
chandlerlen(30) finger to show oueelenchad aahbntheup uuosne
monicalen(30)nt ring and the inr ig tthe orh heuyo tisg g 



DIVERSITY: 1.2
SCENElen(20)they kiss as bo atsncr. wtapn ou,un
joeylen(30)how off her eng ss ase inoenke sesave  sestrw
chandlerlen(30)ty shopping, anae as koeslde lthmonde enit  a
monicalen(30)ing and they alu e hth ids ms hak a a.ht alk 



EPOCH 29

DIVERSITY: 0.2
SCENElen(20)n, everything lynnn n nnnyynnye th 
joeylen(30)here finger to th nd nnen nnnd nnnnnnnnnnneny
chandlerlen(30) on the subjecthyn d thend.  hn ynnnt ynnennn
monicalen(30), aaand it's trt nnnn t nnn nnnnnnnnnnthhnnnn



DIVERSITY: 0.5
SCENElen(20)is working on pno ny nnnne ynn nnsi
joeylen(30)ger to show offnnyinnn ey nn  ncnndnt onetn y
chandlerlen(30)ile, kiki, and tnhethet yth ynnntnntha.tny hy
monicalen(30)e city shoppinge snnenynnnnnyonenynnntnnnyon 



DIVERSITY: 1.0
SCENElen(20) marry mindy. iterln wttdi wfstyyss
joeylen(30)ews.. (she holdeonshkcrh otrhhnednetnoyatheni
chandlerlen(30)ry at the altardye,i rnemu edhseoted luog cmm
monicalen(30)he holds up herayn on. nnenn.rnynh my honn.n 



DIVERSITY: 1.2
SCENElen(20)can't do it, i mmy nyk.den.tc nom. 
joeylen(30)ry at the altared nnsnnsndtcbm ytlyrybnnny yo
chandlerlen(30) kiki, and joan nrthuhswand.tahlow d.ioaann t
monicalen(30)nd joanne are t.oyni yynnneri min ofsandykryl



EPOCH 39

DIVERSITY: 0.2
SCENElen(20)... (mindy enteetehaaeteaeeaneh e o
joeylen(30)ing and they aldeekkeehekeleseseeenekeoeeteeo
chandlerlen(30)nd joanne are theuetse eousteeseeej k.tsaee c
monicalen(30) kiki, and joaneeoetaetet pteneitneeeeofeetee



DIVERSITY: 0.5
SCENElen(20)h, well, uh, werth.ie  tce  eee.ino
joeylen(30)st news is stilioees aksee uoheouheeeneeiesee
chandlerlen(30) up here fingerehlis, enols setessueollsaeao 
monicalen(30)e were in the catetttrmest ohet neteeyuef tse



DIVERSITY: 1.0
SCENElen(20)indy. i think ieec nu.f eeeearthfte
joeylen(30)l, the biggest iheheedeklikksg.leboieen.e koo
chandlerlen(30)her engagement oi .gw  sedkiseouotlce,noletsl
monicalen(30)ile, kiki, and teueak.einnsae esraeaeekato,.e



DIVERSITY: 1.2
SCENElen(20)... it was realtstptahgoies wdcaili
joeylen(30)ect of news.. (ieglthoeakeo unn llatekitotech
chandlerlen(30)her engagement s seshoiimo.tichyrsurler t,ofl
monicalen(30) kiki, and joanl i.uiartowt  etyeeatoekk, ist



EPOCH 49

DIVERSITY: 0.2
SCENElen(20)obbie, as rache toooe m oto o  oooo
joeylen(30)ect of news.. (. soo o tho u u  ouo  wmoho  o
chandlerlen(30)e were in the cooy oo md  uooes oey ys mooy t
monicalen(30)hopping, and yol o   ohhn o too oh  rooo  uoo



DIVERSITY: 0.5
SCENElen(20)arry is prepari nod  unhsom  wno em
joeylen(30)st news is stil y ot mhoo. to.u h uo ohe  yon
chandlerlen(30)ty shopping, ano h oo o moaone teo tu hosotir
monicalen(30)ing, and your m w hm  ymtho thh  o ya r  tsto



DIVERSITY: 1.0
SCENElen(20) was, uh... it .w.mnmi coso  ne  ao
joeylen(30)they all screamhs w otro h.haeotog t(pr hywyo
chandlerlen(30) all scream agar,xnyi! oydh s,la ctmi rhunot 
monicalen(30). (she holds uprc a.odienmo o u sb lomoe  yts



DIVERSITY: 1.2
SCENElen(20)thing looks fin eoilerty wuenssnnmi
joeylen(30)ing and they aliboh d hou teymu hzhirf ho .ht
chandlerlen(30)hopping, and yo oaoz  ns  c.se,nak s  t. dm?h
monicalen(30), aaand it's troo htae.e b wwr d ubkbalooglow



